Update `PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE` and `CONTRIBUTING` docs. (#4908)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: docs/contributor/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Description

*A concise description of what your PR is doing, and what potential issue it is solving. Use [Github semantic linking](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) to link the PR to an issue that must be closed once this is merged.*

## Integration

> *In depth notes about how this PR should be integrated by downstream projects. This part is mandatory, and should be reviewed by reviewers, if the PR does NOT have the `Ro-Silent` label. In case of a `R0-Silent`, it can be ignored.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*In depth notes about how this PR should be integrated by downstream projects. This part is mandatory, and should be reviewed by reviewers, if the PR does NOT have the `R0-Silent` label. In case of a `R0-Silent`, it can be ignored.* 
```

> *In depth notes about how this PR should be integrated by downstream projects. This part is mandatory, and should be reviewed by reviewers, if the PR does NOT have the `R0-Silent` label. In case of a `R0-Silent`, it can be ignored.* 

Reviewer 2: Imagine that someone who was depending on the old code wants to integrate your new code and the only information that they get is this section.  
It helps to include example usage and default value here, even by using `diff` tags to show possibly integration.

Author: added.

## Review Notes 

> *In depth notes about the **implenentation** details of your PR. This should be the main guide for reviewers to understand your approach and effectively review it. If length, use [`<summary>`](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_summary.asp)*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*In depth notes about the **implenentation** details of your PR. This should be the main guide for reviewers to understand your approach and effectively review it. If too long, use [`<summary>`](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_summary.asp)*.
```

*Include your leftover TODOs, if any, here.* 

# Checklist

- [ ] My PR includes a detailed description as outlined in the "Description" and its two subsections above.

> - [ ] My PR follows the [labeling requirements](CONTRIBUTING.md#Process) of this project (at minimum one label for `T` required)

Reviewer: External people can not do this or? So, this point is a little bit useless.

Author: Good point, yeah. Although, my hope is for us to be able to use the same doc for internal and external contibutors. So maybe we just prefix some points as "If you are a maintainer.."
